
live advmod once
time case upon
time det a
once nmod time
live expl there
Farmer det a
Farmer amod noble
live dobj Farmer

go ccomp everyday
go nsubj anobleFarmer
go aux would
everyday ccomp go
go compound out
work mark to
go xcomp work
field case in
field det the
field compound rice
work nmod field
field cc and
evening det each
field conj evening
finish mark after
work advcl finish
finish dobj work
go nsubj anobleFarmer
go aux would
home amod straight
go dobj home
dallying case without
dallying amod dilly
go nmod dallying

morning nummod one
make nsubj morning
winter case in
morning nmod winter
anobleFarmer case as
winter nmod anobleFarmer
make aux be
coil ccomp make
way nmod anobleFarmer
make dobj way
field case to
field det the
field compound rice
make nmod field
see nsubj anobleFarmer
make dep see
Cobra det a
see dobj Cobra
ground case on
ground det the
see nmod ground
coil nsubj all
coil compound up
coil xcomp due
cold case to
cold det the
coil nmod cold

compassion case with
pick nmod compassion
pick nsubj Farmer
pick compound up
Cobra det the
pick dobj Cobra
pick cc and
pick conj take
take dobj aCobra
take advmod back
back dep home
take cc and
take conj place
place dobj aCobra
fire case by
fire det the
place nmod fire
nice advmod where
nice nsubj aCobra
nice cop be
place advcl nice
nice cc and
nice conj warm
nice cc and
nice conj cover
cover dobj aCobra
cover compound up
blanket case with
blanket det a
cover nmod blanket

treat nsubj anobleFarmer
treat advmod truly
Cobra det the
treat dobj Cobra
son mark as
as mwe if
son nsubj aCobra
son cop be
son nmod anobleFarmer
son amod own
treat advcl son

soon advmod as
turn advmod soon
warm mark as
Cobra det the
warm nsubj Cobra
warm cop be
soon ccomp warm
warm advmod again
warm cc and
revive auxpass be
revive advmod fully
warm conj revive
turn nsubj aCobra
turn compound on
turn dobj Farmer
turn cc and
turn conj bite
bite dobj anobleFarmer

instinct nmod aCobra
instinct compound animal
take nsubj instinct
take dobj president
gratitude case over
gratitude det any
take nmod gratitude
gratitude cc or
gratitude conj mercy
person case towards
person det the
gratitude nmod person
save nsubj who
save aux have
save advmod effectively
person acl save
life nmod Itsanimalinstinct
save dobj life

poison det the
quick nsubj poison
quick cop be
quick advmod so
quick cc and
quick conj deadly
kill mark that
kill nsubjpass Farmer
kill auxpass be
quick ccomp kill
kill advmod immediately

die nsubj anobleFarmer
die advmod alone
home case in
home nmod anobleFarmer
home amod own
die nmod home
help mark without
help auxpass be
die advcl help
help cc or
help conj console
sole case by
sole det a
help nmod sole
